1. User A can choose the same cell as user B
	current behavior: user A selects cell 1, user B can select the same cell
 expected behavior: if one cell is already selected, the user should be notified to choose another available cell
 							line: on choise() method, line 23, line 37

2. Both players can be winners
	current behavior: Two win message are displayed if user A and user B wins on the same game.
 expected behavior: Only one user should be the winner. 
 							line: eval method (ifs)

3. Exception thrown on non-digit inputs
	current behavior: Exception is thrown when a user add non-digit character
 expected behavior: only digits number should be allowed on this game (a proper message should be displayed and user should be able to add his choise again)
 							line: choise method

4. No constraints for user choises (index out of bounds exception)
	current behavior: users can add as input any number (lower or greater than 0)
 expected behavior: users should be forced to use only numbers between this range: 0 to 10
 							line: choise method

5. No message displayed for a draw game
	current behavior: there is no message displayed when there is no winner
 expected behavior: a 'draw' message should be displayed if no user has gain.
 							line: eval method

6. Game not ended if user A wins.
  current behavior: if user A will win, the game continues
 expected behavior: when a player will win, the appropiate message is displayed ('the winner is: <name>') and the game stopes.
 						  line: choise method

7. No welcome message is displayed
  current behavior: there is no welcome message displayed, or what should be the next step in the game
 expected behavior: an intro message should be displayed with available options that users can choose
 						  line: choise method

8. User can add empty values as input
  current behavior: empty, null values are accepted as user's input
 expected behavior: on empty input, the user should be prompt again to type his choise
 						  line: choise method
